1: Hassan: 'Abhorrent act' says Blair Western political leaders have united to condemn the kidnappers of charity worker Margaret Hassan after a video surfaced apparently showing a militant firing a pistol into the head of a blindfolded woman wearing an orange jumpsuit.
2: 3 Giants Contest Fines Over Team Meetings (AP) AP - Three New York Giants have filed complaints with the NFL Players Association after being fined by coach Tom Coughlin for not being "early enough" to team meetings.
3: Goodale Hints of Tax Cuts The Federal Government says they are considering more tax cuts for lower and middle-income Canadians. Fending off attacks over the 9.1 billion dollar budget surplus, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said he
4: Moscow Rail Station Evacuated on Bomb Threat, Interfax Says Moscow police are conducting a partial evacuation at the Kursk railway station in central Moscow as they search for explosives after receiving an anonymous phone call from a man threatening
5: UN refugee chief sees Darfur autonomy as way out of crisis NDJAMENA : UN High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers said that Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur as he began a visit to address the crisis over the exodus of more than 1.4 million refugees from the troubled region.
6: Business Week Names Adler Its New Editor Stephen J. Adler, deputy managing editor of The Wall Street Journal, has been named editor of Business Week magazine, succeeding Stephen B. Shepard, who announced last week that he would retire from the magazine to become the first dean of a new
7: Thomson to enter HD DVD market Thomson announced Friday it that it will enter the HD DVD market with a line of players and that it will also manufacture HD DVD and Blu-ray discs.
8: Trump's casinos file for bankruptcy Donald Trump's flagship casino business yesterday filed for bankruptcy as part of a financial restructuring aimed at easing $1.8bn (1m) debt.
9: Next Version of Windows for PC's to Ship in 2006 To meet its timetable, Microsoft has scaled back its technological ambitions for the product, code-named Longhorn.
10: IBM: Blue Gene Supercomputer For Sale Fresh after taking the performance crown and capping a five-year, $100 million R &D effort, IBM today announced that Blue Gene is officially going on sale with a starting price of $1.
11: Has Your Broadband Had Its Fiber? Falling costs, new technology, and competition, with a nudge from regulatory changes, are bringing fiber closer to homes in the US just a few years after the idea seemed all but written off.
12: Sorrell and WPP rise ever closer to the top LONDON With its agreement to buy Grey Global Group, Sir Martin Sorrell has placed his London-based WPP Group in position to rival Omnicom Group as the world's largest advertising company.
13: Beckham returns to England squad for Spain game David Beckham, out for a month with broken ribs, was named by Sven-Goran Eriksson to England's team for its friendly match on Wednesday against Spain at Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.
14: Jets' offensive line takes control WALTHAM -- East Boston's Jimmy Yarde lived the lineman's dream Tuesday night, returning a fumble 70 yards for a touchdown. Yesterday, he ran with something even more significant.
15: Sharapova, Molik Advance to Swisscom Final (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the final of the Swisscom Challenge, defeating fellow Russian Elena Dementieva 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in one of Saturday's semifinals. The fourth-seeded Sharapova, who eliminated Venus Williams in the quarterfinals, extended her winning streak to 12 matches.
16: Nike teams with Sony on special GT4 offer A limited edition Gran Turismo bundle in Japan will come with a pair of Nike sneakers and T-shirt. TOKYO--Major running shoe and apparel manufacturer Nike is collaborating with Sony Computer Entertainment
17: Panasonic, Toshiba delve into alternate energy A new home heating system from Panasonic is based on a hydrogen fuel cell; it both heats the house and produces hot water.
18: Iran Is Criticized for Its Lack of Candor on Nuclear Program The International Atomic Energy's 35-nation board of governors passed a resolution calling for the country to suspend all uranium enrichment activities that could contribute to producing fuel for a nuclear bomb.
19: UK's Diageo gets $2.26 bln from General Mills sale Britain's Diageo Plc (DGE.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world's biggest spirits group raised $2.26 billion from its sale of 49.
20: Schering-Plough and Bayer form strategic alliance Schering-Plough Corporation has announced that it has entered into a strategic agreement with Bayer designed to maximize the companies' pharmaceutical resources while maintaining each company's own strategic interests.
21: Turkish Company Freezes Operations in Iraq (AP) AP - A Turkish construction company announced Tuesday that it was halting operations in neighboring Iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
22: Viduka Brace Helps Boro To Win After a spell without scoring, Mark Viduka grabbed two goals as Middlesbrough beat Manchester City 3-2. Boro went ahead when Viduka took Stewart Downings pass, brought it sweetly under control and chipped it over onrushing City keeper David James.
23: Bombardier, DaimlerChrysler Settle Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) and DaimlerChrysler AG (DCXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) ended a three-year dispute over the Montreal company's acquisition of train
24: GULLIT TO TAKE ACTION AFTER DEFEAT Feyenoord boss Ruud Gullit has launched a stinging attack on his players after watching them crash to their third defeat of the season against FC Groningen.
25: 'Emperor' Adriano has Inter under his rule One match into the Italian league season and (Emperor) Adriano already has Inter Milan under his rule. The Brazilian striker has scored six goals in Inter's first four matches this season, including
26: Australia conquer their final frontier Adam Gilchrist boldly went where no Australian captain since Bill Lawry has gone before at the VCA Stadium in Nagpur yesterday. His team's 342-run win gave them an invincible 2-0
27: Accord on restoring rail link reached: Khokhrapar-Monabao route ISLAMABAD, Dec 3: Pakistan and India have agreed to an early resumption of rail link between Khokhrapar and Monabao suspended since the 1965 war.
28: No Kashmir Breakthrough NEW DELHI, 7 September 2004 - India and Pakistan stuck to their guns on the Kashmir issue as the foreign ministers of the two countries concluded their talks yesterday on what was described as a positive note.
29: FTC Files First Lawsuit Against Spyware Concerns The Federal Trade Commission formally announced yesterday its first assault against spyware - bits of computer code that surreptitiously install themselves on the computers of Internet users
30: Putin faults Georgia on '90s tactics in 2 regions TBILISI, Georgia The separatist conflicts in Georgia resulted from the "foolish" move by Georgia to strip South Ossetia and Abkhazia of their autonomous status during the Soviet collapse, President Vladimir Putin of Russia was quoted as saying on ...
